Update 2024-06-19-this-week-in-rust.md Adding Apache Datafusion-comet as a project (#5620)
rust-lang/this-week-in-rust: draft/2024-06-19-this-week-in-rust.md

### Newsletters

### Project/Tooling Updates

> - [Apache Datafusion-Comet](https://github.com/apache/datafusion-comet) a rust based apache spark accelerator. It is under active development and also it is able to achieve 1.5x performance improvements in apache spark TPC-H queries. The goal of the project is to provide 2-4x performance improvement on commodity hardware.

Reviewer: Editing for formatting and brevity:

```suggestion
* [Apache Datafusion-Comet- Rust-Based Apache Spark accelerator - 1.5x performance improvements in apache spark TPC-H queries, and other commodity hardware](https://github.com/apache/datafusion-comet)
```
